## Currinomics Foundation

The Currinomics Foundation is a Private Foundation under the Law of the Republic of Austria. Austrian Private Foundations are regulated by the so called Privatstiftungsgesetz (Law on Private Foundations), which is legally in force since the 1990s. The application of this law enables the following arrangements:

* Austrian Private Foundations are by the virtue of law legal entities without any owner. Therefore, the management of the Austrian Private Foundation is only obliged to follow the regulations of the statutes of the Foundation and is not bound by instructions or decisions of any shareholder.
* Austrian Private Foundations have a “purpose” which can be freely defined. The RedCurry Foundation has as its sole purpose the maintenance of the RedCurry system. The purpose of the Foundation must be fulfilled by the Foundation’s board of directors at all times and as the sole objective.
* Statutes of Austrian Private Foundations can be made partly or fully unchangeable, and thus cannot be changed later even by the founder of the Foundation or the board of directors. In the CURRINOMICRedCurry Foundation it is for example defined as an unchangeable regulation that the Foundation must ensure that any and all tokens issuedthe RedCurry Tokens are bought back at the respective Net Asset Value at all times. 
* Statutes and by-laws of Austrian Private Foundations can regulate all activities of the Foundation and its board of directors to the smallest detail. Even “what if” regulations can be implemented, ensuring that the behaviour of the Foundation follows exactly the original intentions of the founder. 
* An Austrian Foundation does not only have no shareholder, but it can also regulate to have no beneficiaries, making it impossible to distribute any money or assets. The Foundation must only have a final beneficiary, who is receiving the proceeds of the liquidation of the Foundation. However, such liquidation can be conditional; in case of RedCurry it is conditional to a prior buy back of any and all RedCurry Tokens at the respective Net Asset Value, leaving factually no assets for distribution to the final beneficiary. 

The Currinomics Foundation does not have any operative function in the RedCurry system. Its objective is to supervise the activities of the Holding and, when necessary, exercise its shareholder rights. The operative business is taking place in the Holding. However, the Foundation is the watchdog ensuring that the RedCurry system is fulfilling its objectives. Therefore, the board of directors of the RedCurry Foundation needs to be composed of trustworthy and reputable persons, who are competent enough to supervise the activities of the Holding. The procedures of the election of the board of directors are outlined in the Foundation deed.

It is essential to understand that the RedCurry Foundation is a non-profit structure. The Foundation is not entitled to receive any dividends from the Holding (except for minimal amounts to cover the mandatory cost of the Foundation) and aside from exercising its rights as a shareholder of the Holding and supervising it, it has no commercial activities at all. The Foundation is thus ensuring that no assets leave the Holding and thus the RedCurry system. Therefore, also the necessary costs of the Foundation are kept at a minimal level. 

As the Foundation has no own business activity and is not allowed to enter into any financial obligations or other risks, it can be safely assumed that the Foundation can never become insolvent. Therefore, the only scenario for the ending of the activity of the Foundation is its voluntary liquidation, which would have to be decided upon by the board of directors and in line with the regulations of the Foundation deed. In case of the liquidation, the Holding would have first to sell all of its assets, buy back all RedCurry Tokens at the Net Asset Value, burn them, and then be liquidated. As a result, practically no assets can be distributed to the Foundation and this in case of the liquidation of the Foundation itself, practically no assets at all can be left for final distribution. However, as by law a final beneficiary has to exist, such final beneficiary shall be – also to once more underline the non-profit aspect of the Foundation – the UNICEF organisation.