## Real Estate Strategy
The objective of RedCurry is to provide a cash holder with a value-appreciating alternative (at least to a certain extent) without having any major volatility. As the value of RedCurry is derived from the Net Asset Value of its real estate portfolio, the investment strategy of RedCurry Holding has to be chosen in such a way that these objectives of RedCurry are ensured. This translates into several practical consequences, of which the first one is obviously that RedCurry Holding will invest only in such properties, which already have a stable cash flow and can be expected to continue to produce such stable cash flow in the long run. RedCurry Holding will therefore not invest in speculative real estate development or land-banking projects but prefer objects with long-term cash flow secured by long, unbreakable lease contracts.

Related to the current cash flow is also the suitability of a building for achieving long-term cash flow. This includes factors like the design of the building (is it flexible to use to provide suitable space for different types of tenants?), the current rent income level (is the level of rental income compared to the market such that it is easy to find new tenants at the same or even higher price level?) or the operating costs of the building (how much cash flow from rental income is lost for non-recoverable expenses?).

To avoid volatility, it will also be important for RedCurry Holding to not have cluster risk. This means that a building with several strong tenants is more favorable than one with only one single tenant and that the size of each property should not be too big concerning the whole portfolio of properties. These aspects will be considered both, in the selection of investment properties as well as in the ongoing management of these.

Similarly, the spreading of risk, both over regions and industries, will support lower volatility of the Net Asset Value. The RedCurry Holding will therefore aim to have a geographically diverse portfolio and to be invested in different real estate sectors. However, in any case, the investments will be only domiciled in EU countries with Euro-denominated or Euro-pegged rental agreements, and the properties will be only selected from real estate sectors with a large volume of market participants.

The long-term focus of the real estate investments in RedCurry Holding will also bring about that the choice of properties will not necessarily be comparable with that of some other real estate market participants like real estate funds. RedCurry Holding will not need to invest in so-called “trophy assets”, which might be positive for the reputation of the purchaser but might in the long run have downside risks in the income stream. RedCurry Holding will also be ready to invest in secondary cities, which are experiencing strong economic growth but might not yet be a large submarket for transactions. And RedCurry Holding will not invest in buildings that require in the near future a major refurbishment or market repositioning, as this would bring volatility to the Net Asset Value. 

[Next](/asset/real/transactions.md)