## Real Estate Transactions
As the value of RedCurry is derived solely from the operations of the RedCurry Holding as a real estate investor, the RedCurry value does reflect indirectly the real estate market. Even though the holder of a RedCurry Token is not invested himself in the real estate market, he still experiences the appreciation of the value of the RedCurry Token driven by the functioning of the real estate market. 

As a result of this, RedCurry becomes an interesting tool for professional and/or institutional real estate investors. Typically, a real estate investor will consider in his strategy the right moments when to sell a certain property from his portfolio, and when to buy one from the market. However, as the transactions in the real estate market typically take months and the selection of a right investment might result in a waiting period of a year or more, each real estate investor has a special problem with holding cash. When selling a property, a real estate investor immediately moves from high positive return on equity to a – most likely – negative one (through negative interest on his cash position at his bank), which makes the decision to sell a property a much more difficult one. And waiting for a new opportunity might mean a long period of time of such negative return.

An alternative solution for such investors would be to use RedCurry as a transaction currency. RedCurry is beneficial for both sides of the real estate transaction. The seller has a benefit of receiving RedCurry at a purchase price and will avoid immediate negative interest and has the prospect of appreciation of the value of RedCurry. On the buyer side, holding RedCurry enables the investor to take his time in choosing the right property to invest, as he is not under pressure from negative interest rates. For both parties, RedCurry facilitates a real-time peer-to-peer transaction without the necessity to involve escrow bank accounts or other complicated and time-consuming procedures, adding additional simplification to the real estate investment activities.

[Next (RE Portfolio)](/asset/real/portfolio.md)