# About

RedCurry is the first stable-value digital currency fully pegged to the Net Asset Value (NAV) of real estate. The goal of RedCurry is to provide highly scalable, decentralized, stable hard money in place of fixed-supply digital assets like BTC or USDT. RedCurry is **not** tokenized security. It is designed to truly commoditize real estate - a fully fungible economic resource. Yield generated by assets under management will be reinvested back into the ecosystem. This also helps to bring economically self-sustaining projects into crypto. RedCurry enables money flow from mainstream economy (real estate yield) into the crypto ecosystem. Designed for payments, trading, and store of value. RedCurry is open-source, fully transparent, audited, governed, permissionless, and on-chain.

RedCurry is a *new asset class* with the following properties:
- reflects the return on investment of business exposure in the real estate sector (but is not an investment itself, like e.g., a RE fund);
- has definitiveness of investment (like with a share you bought you can sell RedCurry, but not return to or redeem against);
- has transferability (it’s a means of payment, thus does not represent a securities transaction);
- has no rights and is built on trust;

<!-- With RedCurry you trade the redemption right against the higher return. Similar to the savings book concept: you waive your right to claim the deposit for a certain period (years) against a higher return. In the case of RedCurry, you are waiving your right to claim the deposit possibly forever, and in exchange, you get a voluntary offer for redemption (the treasury) and the full transferability of the savings book itself. Why bother to draw down money from your savings book, if you can pay with the savings book itself? -->


## RedCurry vs other asset classes

Unlike tokenized real estate, the holder of RedCurry has no rights associated with the property backing the currency.

Unlike traditional stablecoins, RedCurry does not need to "steer" the peg. In the case of stablecoins, its holder never can rely on the existence of an actual full backing of the peg, and thus when the "steering" goes "out of tune" with the collateral, the value will substantially change. RedCurry value is as stable as the real estate portfolio. 

RedCurry's peg is achieved through careful decision-making and property selection for the portfolio that makes up the NAV. The real estate portfolio consists of no lump risk, “classical” commercial real estate with an established and functioning market. Our top-quality properties focus on cash flow rather than on fast capital appreciation. [More about property preferences here.](/asset/real/portfolio.md)

All decision-making is governed by a secure, highly transparent, and not-for-profit [Currinomics Foundation](/asset/legal/foundation.md). 

This governance mechanism enforces, among other things, constant publishing of NAV and all related data. All operational aspects are audited and verifiable, and permanently available - RedCurry token value can be verified by any holder at any time.

## Protocol

As the energy frequency in trading real estate (low) and crypto (fast) are disparate, we have designed the token to be fractionally backed by 90% (min) of commercial real estate and 10% (max) Euro cash in the treasury. The cash part of the collateral is intended solely for investments into real estate or for the buybacks of RedCurry tokens. Treasury management is governed by the foundation laws.  

<!-- This treasury principle helps to compensate for the difference between  It also acts as a stability mechanism -
If RedCurry Token is trading above the NAV, the protocol enables to increase the collateral ratio of cash meant to be invested into real estate by opening up sales (minting). If RedCurry Token is trading below the NAV, the protocol enables the decrease of Euro cash collateral by opening up buy-backs. This may also lead to the possible disposal of real-estate assets and the consecutive burn of RedCurry Token. Based on on-chain data, and controlled by the smart contracts, this strategy enables immediate arbitrage opportunities in both scenarios. Read more about Price Stability. -->

As the management of real estate itself naturally requires a centralized approach we have built the closest manifestation of a decentralized, transparent, and legal real estate and treasury management structure. RedCurry’s fully transparent non-profit foundation, Currinomics Foundation is located in Austria and is regulated by its private foundation laws. The foundation has been renounced and is governed solely by its bylaws. Every entity operating for the foundation, including RedCurry, must follow the bylaws of the foundation. The Currinomics Foundation can become a legal wrapped for the Currinomics DAO if a DAO strategy is pursued. In this case, a governance token could be used for voting on matters related to treasury and choosing representatives. Specific real estate and investment decisions will be left to the specialists in that field.



<!-- Telegram: [INSERT]   -->
Website: <a href="https://redcurry.co" target="_blank">redcurry.co</a>   
Telegram (announcements): <a href="https://t.me/redcurryupdates" target="_blank">JOIN</a>  
Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/z8kgCvxtea" target="_blank">JOIN</a>    
Twitter: [to be published]  
Blog: [to be published]  
Foundation: [to be published]  
Foundation deed: [to be published]  
Holding: [to be published]  
<!-- Governance (discussion):[INSERT]  
Governance (voting): tbd -->

[Next (introduction)](/whitepaper/intro.md)
